form update (#14892)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-ui.md

### User Flows / Wireframing / Mockups

> Figma is used as the user flow and UI mockup design tool. The [Meshery UI design file](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI) can be viewed by using this [open invitation](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/qJy1c95qirjgWQODApilR9) for view access. Fill-in a [community member form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdMLeZY6hZ46yYNkoKKV5OM-jCypjbYcqptbUNltEE73EqCjA/viewform?usp=sf_link) to gain access to additional community resources.

Author: ```suggestion
Figma is used as the user flow and UI mockup design tool. The [Meshery UI design file](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI) can be viewed by using this [open invitation](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/qJy1c95qirjgWQODApilR9) for view access. Fill-in a [community member form](https://meshery.io/newcomers) to gain access to additional community resources.
```
